README.md, before:

# # Salmon Cookies

**Author**: Nicklas Di Pietro
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
This application was built for codefellows 201. It's problem is that we have a customer who wants a website built for his cookie business. "Pat's Cookies" aregoing to use a sample business from 5 'hypothetical' locations. At each location we must sample what it takes to provide a sample of the projected sales in the area using sample numbers given by Pat. Our goal is to design not only a website, but a working application alongside it to function for Pats business.
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 201 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
Pat's Cookies was building primarily in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. 
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->


## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->

Commit message:

Editing to get the tables inserted. Still working code.

README.md, after:

# # Salmon Cookies

**Author**: Nicklas Di Pietro
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
This application was built for codefellows 201. It's problem is that we have a customer who wants a website built for his cookie business. "Pat's Cookies" aregoing to use a sample business from 5 'hypothetical' locations. At each location we must sample what it takes to provide a sample of the projected sales in the area using sample numbers given by Pat. Our goal is to design not only a website, but a working application alongside it to function for Pats business.
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 201 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
Pat's Cookies was building primarily in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. 
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->


## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
--> Credit to MDN and google for their vast network of code to help assist with things. MDN in particular for their math random function(s).
